RunningBenchmarks.md, before:

# Running Benchmarks

## Prerequisites
* For all benchmarks:
    * `bash` for the benchmarking script
    * Python 3 and its standard library for basic statistical results, such as taking the average of the data and calculating its standard deviation
* For Whetstone, Dhrystone, and Coremark:
    * Git
    * Make
    * a C compiler (we use `gcc` here)
* For the ping and `iperf3` network tests:
    * An internet connection on the target device
* For the `iperf3` network test:
    * The `iperf3` binary
    * NumPy and matplotlib, for generating graphs of network performance
    * A second machine running `iperf3` in server mode

## Instructions

After running the benchmarks, all results will be stored in a new directory named `$hostname_$date_$time/`. A new directory is created every time the benchmarking script is run. More information on the command-line flags that can be used with the script can be found by using the `-h` (`--help`) flag:

```
$ ./run-benchmarks.sh --help
Usage: ./run-benchmarks.sh [args]
...
...
```

### Processor Benchmarks: Coremark, Whetstone, and Dhrystone
Execute `run-benchmarks.sh` with a command such as 
```
$ ./run-benchmarks.sh
./run-benchmarks.sh, 2020-06-17 20:31:53, selected parameters:
THIS_DIRECTORY:           .
SRC_DIRECTORY:            ./benchmark_src
SCRIPTS_DIRECTORY:        ./benchmark_scripts
RESULTS_DIRECTORY:        ./squiddy_results_20200617_203153
...
...
```

### Network Benchmarks: Ping and `iperf3`
To run the network tests, first start an `iperf3` in server mode on the machine you intend to test network connectivity to:
```
$ iperf3 -s
-----------------------------------------------------------
Server listening on 5201
-----------------------------------------------------------
```
Then, on the target machine (the one being benchmarked), execute the benchmarking script with either the `-n` (`--network-test`) or the `-j` (`--just-network`) flag:
```
$ ./run-benchmarks.sh --network-test 192.168.10.3
Testing network with iperf with remote IP address localhost...
...
...
```

Commit message:

Add instructions about information.txt
Add note about filling out information.txt to provide context for
scores.

Should flesh this out with more detailed instructions about submitting
pull requests in the future.

RunningBenchmarks.md, after:

# Running Benchmarks

## Prerequisites
* For all benchmarks:
    * `bash` for the benchmarking script
    * Python 3 and its standard library for basic statistical results, such as taking the average of the data and calculating its standard deviation
* For Whetstone, Dhrystone, and Coremark:
    * Git
    * Make
    * a C compiler (we use `gcc` here)
* For the ping and `iperf3` network tests:
    * An internet connection on the target device
* For the `iperf3` network test:
    * The `iperf3` binary
    * NumPy and matplotlib, for generating graphs of network performance
    * A second machine running `iperf3` in server mode

## Instructions

After running the benchmarks, all results will be stored in a new directory named `$hostname_$date_$time/`. A new directory is created every time the benchmarking script is run. If you are planning to submit your scores to the upstream repository, please fill out the `information.txt` file created in the results directory before submitting your pull request.

More information on the command-line flags that can be used with the script can be found by using the `-h` (`--help`) flag:

```
$ ./run-benchmarks.sh --help
Usage: ./run-benchmarks.sh [args]
...
...
```

### Processor Benchmarks: Coremark, Whetstone, and Dhrystone
Execute `run-benchmarks.sh` with a command such as 
```
$ ./run-benchmarks.sh
./run-benchmarks.sh, 2020-06-17 20:31:53, selected parameters:
THIS_DIRECTORY:           .
SRC_DIRECTORY:            ./benchmark_src
SCRIPTS_DIRECTORY:        ./benchmark_scripts
RESULTS_DIRECTORY:        ./squiddy_results_20200617_203153
...
...
```

### Network Benchmarks: Ping and `iperf3`
To run the network tests, first start an `iperf3` in server mode on the machine you intend to test network connectivity to:
```
$ iperf3 -s
-----------------------------------------------------------
Server listening on 5201
-----------------------------------------------------------
```
Then, on the target machine (the one being benchmarked), execute the benchmarking script with either the `-n` (`--network-test`) or the `-j` (`--just-network`) flag:
```
$ ./run-benchmarks.sh --network-test 192.168.10.3
Testing network with iperf with remote IP address localhost...
...
...
```
